all right the finals of this first
tournament lose a game it's all in the
box six one nine so he looks like
Chinese cinema or I'm sorry look at home
fuck highways
whatever he's Fei Long this will be fun
Giovanni Wow
nicely done fuck over me here we go and
you loose
yes get up quicker so I could throw you
faster
nice reversal yes for shorts good job
watch this my old shop let me do it
alright come on boy do something
get over here okay
yes regular jumping medium kick beats
amazing so it's one tournament down
really hasn't been much madness has it
been just me whooping off fucking scrubs
but that's what I mean grade two is all
scrubs out the pathetic